feat(role): add is_gradient and is_holographic properties (#1379)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/1379.feature.rst

> Adds Role.is_gradient and Role.is_holographic properties to check whether a role is gradient or holographic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add :attr:`Role.has_gradient` and :attr:`Role.is_holographic` properties to check whether a role has a gradient or is holographic.
```
